I'm telling you.
If you don't trust me, don't let me cure this game
Xiao Zhang
Don't chase it.
You should be in a small building, right?
Let's treat grandpa first
So I feel like I'm almost there.
Do you still want treatment?
What's the matter? This disease breeds on the body's attitude
What else?
matter
Brother, if you have anything you want to ask, just ask me directly
I've heard a lot of quick fixes.
By sacrificing physical skills for generations
My grandfather's body
What did you find?
I promise you're still a little quiet
But once you're happy, martial arts may be harder
I can't hold on
Unexpectedly, I, Zhao Kaitian, am getting old early
I also met such a god
Ray, give us a hand.
Xiaoyong is humble
I dare say it's just your silver needle puncture
It's those national players who watched it.
I have to chase you and call the master
Xiao Wang, you are serious
Today's illness is considered a foul
I'm here to detoxify you
No no
I have one question though.